welcome back to the 2012 Olympic Games
my name is John Hastings and I'm here
with Albert Jones who is a little
indisposed at the moment
ja ja I'm not indisposed I'm just dying
of it it's not that bad I went down to
buy a doughnut but instead they gave me
a ball of flour that's a school every
bite is a cinnamon challenge
John DS when you try to swallow a
teaspoon of cinnamon yes can't be done
can't be done John I'm gonna get lung
damage from inhaling the powder it's so
dry are you finished
no I'm not finished I'm not gonna finish
this thing do you want it
moving on to them don't try this at home
kids to the next event which is the hi
John I am really excited about this
event shorty and Cody really have a
chance to show off their athleticism
here they're both fantastic jumpers both
have distinct advantages but they also
have things working against them Cody
his legs alone he's lied he has spring
in his jump but he's not powerful he's
still has room to grow
shorty her limbs are a little bit
shorter she's got more weight but she is
more powerful so we'll have to see what
happens great stuff and we have some
archived footage of both cats training
at a young age Cody you can see building
his confidence trying to jump up on
anything he can John my heart melt would
you look at the little scamp John
just look at him he is a spirited young
chap ah John it takes me back
did you have a canal but yeah well no my
dog brought one home in its mouth once
punctured it's long the poor thing but
in its last few minutes of life we
really bonded and I gotta say ever since
I've had a soft spot in my heart for
cats John I die I gotta tell you that's
a horrible story but you know what John
Cody didn't always have it so good
Cody grew up in a cage down by the river
abandoned by his cupboard what is this
its backstory John people loved it on
your shoe makes the athletes more
relatable makes great television it's
not even true doesn't matter
people can sympathize with the athletes
this way job I think people want to
watch nah just trust me it's gonna be
great people are gonna cry the ratings
are gonna skyrocket um and just I just
know how about this
how about we get back to the sport and
you can play your little show later um
okay I guess you're the one with the big
fancy degree from University of it it's
Oxford University what Ford buy American
can we get back to the high jump please
be my guest
Osbert now they're warming up for their
final jump and you can see here they've
carved a mark in the wall much to the
chagrin of their coach mind you to give
them something to aim for when they jump
Oh John a fight has broken out somebody
break it up it's literally a catfish far
into the competition anxieties are high
shorty apparently not happy with Cody's
practice time she wants to practice with
the mark and it's not very sportsmanlike
but these things do come to a head
- oh my god are you doing the exact same
thing no it's like the UFC in here
ultimate fighting cats I get about one
of it okay the time has arrived it is
time for Cody's final four limbic high
jump let's watch and Cody leaps into the
stratosphere it's bouncing yes Albert
it's not just a high jump anymore they
are pulling out all the stops it's high
jump it's parkour it's an urban
playground there's spider-man they have
taken this event to a whole new level
and my goodness this is exciting
John I can't even no I do not know how
shorty is going to top that it is
pandemonium in here pandemonium look at
the height he I can't believe it he is
giving it all he's got
look at him for the size of him he can
jump even if he doesn't when he has
proven himself in these four limping
games to be a contender on the world
stage I can barely contain myself okay
shorty is up and she is going to need a
monster good luck I can't watch
shorty triumphant look oh but you can
look now look at her she's scaling the
wall Albert I did not expect to see this
from shorty I've never seen anything
like it in my life she's an antigravity
cat it's my own she told me it was gonna
be this exciting oh it is a thrilling
day here on the philippic stage but I
have a feeling that best is yet to come
don't go anywhere folks we will be right
back after this
John I can't I think I'm gonna eat the
rest of this skull now yeah Chuck why
does this exist